feat: port over protocol/agents page from v2 (#41)
hyperlane-xyz/v3-docs: docs/protocol/agents.mdx

# Agents

> The Hyperlane protocol relies on decentralize offchain agents to observe, sign, and transmit messages. Keeping to the protocol's permissionless design, anyone can participate in operating & securing the protocol.

Author: ```suggestion
The Hyperlane protocol relies on decentralized offchain agents to observe, sign, and transmit messages. Keeping to Hyperlane's permissionless design, anyone can participate in operating & securing the protocol.
```

For convenience, Hyperlane implements these agents as a set of Rust binaries.

1. [Validators](./agents/validators.mdx) attest to the validity of [Mailbox](./mailbox.mdx) messages and make their signatures available to relayers.

> 1. [Relayers](./agents/relayers.mdx) aggregate off-chain metadata for the [`IInterchainSecurityModule` interface](../reference/ISM/specify-your-ISM) and deliver messages to their recipients.

Author: will add this info to the relayer specific page instead of here
